alright guys Nick hug in here we're
talking to Joel about a series that I
love for so long Monkey Island and this
is Tales of Monkey Island what's new
with this one but we're doing a
brand-new episodic saga as an adventure
deliver over five months is coming from
Telltale the Telltale's been doing
episodic games with Sam and Max and
we've got the creative team from each of
the four previous monkey island game of
people are involved with all those games
dave grossman was a writer and designer
for mcallen one and two and then we've
got create key talent from each of the
other room ungalik games as well you
know I'm notice that the art direction
looks looks a little bit different than
someone like the last games our escape
from monkey on curson Monkey Island
guybrush threepwood looking at looking a
little bit different go a little bit you
know how do you how do you would you
describe the art direction style that
you guys have going on in this one you
know I think monkey monkey balls from
game to game and I think what we we
always go for a very cinematic
presentation we want to be very vers
evander involving so I think that's the
nest that direction our team is really
to bring this forward we want to have a
monkey game for today's gamers that
people can really enjoy and appreciate
and you guys can hear who's the iconic
music we are going on here
who wrote this original score is doing
the music for tails McMillan as well
doing a brand-new score for us and
course we have the voice of Dominic
Amato is elusive guybrush threepwood
which is very important to in this part
of the game a guy brush had a
confrontation with the track at the very
beginning and he caught this voodoo box
from the Chuck he's washed up here on
the island it needs to get a ship and
lane and work his way off that's where
we already hear the demo as far as the
puzzle solving goes in this game would
you it's just us just go to the last
couple months it's like curse of monkey
island this game from Macau but looking
maybe something a little bit more
difficult Sam something on par something
a little bit easier than maybe it's more
accessible to everyone what we try and
do is it is haven't be scalable so that
if you want a hard challenge we have a
hint system you can turn it all the way
off if you one if you don't want it we
also have if you played in the previous
one guy island games we've got the
ability to combine inventory items so we
haven't had that in telltale games
before but for monkey island-- we
thought it important to have that that
kind of diversity so that you could have
a combining inventory and you know
puzzles that really are true to the
spirit of the original games but but
again if you want accessibility the
hints are contextual so if you get stuck
you get some environmental clues that
kind of help point you in the right
direction and figure out we were doing
we want the games to be completed will
too so then it's really as an epic saga
de Lune monthly you want to have that
same sense of urgency is if your
favorite TV show lost or 24 or something
like that then you want to play the game
lead it and get ready for the next one
when it when it comes out now you said
it's going to be over five parts right
ballpark estimate how long is the
gameplay for each one of these parts you
know to 24 hours is what we say usually
depends on your skill level and clues
and so on how many clues you you get
things like that but you know that's
that's the estimate we usually give to
24 4 episode that is if people aren't
using walkthroughs and just try to go
through really fast we're talking you
actually go through actually try to have
some fun with a game guys I believe it
or not you actually can't have fun with
these games without using the locker
yeah yeah there's a lot of comedy to
have you know if you spend your time
with it rather just fresh through it now
what form is lechuck in the times he's
still zombie lechuck easy flaming beard
lechuck well he starts out as starts out
as I'm zombie goes the check and you
know one of the themes with this game is
really who can you trust and what's
going on if you had to give the trail on
your website but you'll see that guy
brush starts to get away houses this
Hawks he starts at kind of evil the time
so he's gotten a little bit of Chuck at
him and similar things happen with
Jacques all I'll say at this point so in
the other direction you know kind of the
evil attract might not be as evil as he
seems sometimes but it really did the
fun that can have goes on so will we see
other any of the other like minor
characters like Wally or something
you'll definitely you know Lane is there
of course and let's say bus and there's
a voodoo lady I'm trying to want to hold
up too many buttons in front your camera
that's why we've got the Voodoo lady and
you'll see you'll see some some people
that you recognize and love from the
previous games do you guys have a price
set on how much each of the segments is
going to chapters is going to be yeah
the way that we did sell the episode of
games is that if you come in for the
whole season you can get the season set
for 3495 for all five games so if you uh
we also be selling this on whe where so
the price where we were games have been
set yet but we just did strong bad's
cool game for attractive people based on
homestar runner
we wear and each episode of the strong
bed games was 1,000 okay so coming out
for pc and wii where and when can we
expect just be able to download the
first chapter the series premieres july
seven july seven check it out guys we
got Tales of Monkey Island brand new
guybrush threepwood looks like a lot of
fun especially for 35 bucks sounds like
it's going to be a great deal Thank You
Joel appreciate it looking forward to it